the morning in Gaza shows the aftermath
of the massacre the Israeli Army
committed against the Abu hatab and Abu
Salah families in Al maasi the Abu Salah
family's house was targeted 14 civilians
who sought Refuge there were killed the
Abu hatab family had left their homes in
search of safety taking shelter with the
Abu Salah family in K
yunes the alasi area had been designated
a safe Zone by the Israeli Army
civilians particularly those in the East
and Central regions to evacuate their
homes because of the air
strikes however after they moved here 14
of them were killed including nine
children we were sleeping and it was
nearly 12:00 there's an area between al-
maasi and Al badat with tents mattresses
and nylon tops suddenly a powerful air
strike shook us awake we found a deep
crater and the destruction of some tents
along with numerous casualties among
them were approximately 11 or 12 members
of the Abu hatab
family they were instructed to evacuate
their initial residences and sought
refuge on agricultural land in a tent to
escape the cold they became the target
of an air strike what threat did these
innocent children pose to Israel and the
United
States a morning and evening stained
with blood in the Gaza Strip with each
Sunrise a large number of C
is discovered especially
[Music]
children Palestinians here particularly
The Grieving families are preparing for
the
funerals may God help us we belong to
God and to him we shall return God is
sufficient for
us as the bodies are prepared by the
workers of the al- Naser medical complex
morg the atmosphere is one of sorrow and
anger anger at the massacre committed by
the Israeli Army and the daily
atrocities it continues to
perpetrate make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer